[Sieve]: Draft approaches (#3626)
exercism/python: exercises/practice/sieve/.approaches/nested-loops/snippet.txt

>     number += 1
>     l = [True for i in range(number)]
>     for i in range(2, number):
>         if not l[i]:
>             continue
>         for j in range(2 * i, number, i):
>             l[j] = False
>     return [i for i, v in enumerate(l) if i > 1 and v]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
def primes(number):
    number += 1
    prime = [True for item in range(number)]
    for index in range(2, number):
        if not prime[index]: continue
        for candidate in range(2 * index, number, index):
            prime[candidate] = False
    return [index for index, value in enumerate(prime) if index > 1 and value]
```
